codepen link: https://codepen.io/kevinwang-dev/pen/XWXYeqr

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML provides means to the content. Helps with SEO, maintenance, and accessibility.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is a markup lanaguage. Helps strucure the web page with contents. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attribute gives the browser more information about the web page. It goes into the opening tags of HTML elements.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 the a heading and also the biggest. Only one h1 should be used on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    the a tag and img tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    meta information, link to style sheet, title for the tabs
    7. What is an id?
    id should be unique we can insert into HTML tags. We give unique name and we can use to reference to different section of a page. Id name cannot be reused. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    id can be added to any HTML elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only one time as best practice.

    10. What is a class?
    Class is a selector we can add to HTML elements to use to styling in CSS.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Class can be added to any HTML elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Class can be used multiples as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add an attribute to inside the opening a tag with target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    alt is for alternative text that is used for screen readers to accessibility.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Reference an id with # sign

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div is presentation to group contents together. Section is semantic, that holds meaning and group sections of webpage together.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style and layout the HTML. Give colors, animations and more.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    We can use h2 as selector:
    h2 {
        this will select all h2 elements
    
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can be used miltiples times on a web page with the same class name. We can use class to style heading for different sections so all headings have the same styles applied.
    Id has to unique and ususally it is used to reference different sections to a page. We can give the top of page an id of top, on the bottom of the page, we can create an anchor and set the href to the id.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Use a period + name of class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    We can use parent child selector to select all child elements under a parent element. 
    For example, all li are child elements of ul or ol. We can select all li under the parent
    element with ul>li or ol>li

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Is a keyword addded to a selector and selects elements that in specific state such as hover or focus.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    We can use line-height and give value of number lenght, or percentage.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We can use letter-spacing property and give value of number of pixels.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We can use property text-transform with values of uppercase or lowercase, or captilize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    We can use the universial selector * 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    We comment in CSS with  /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    We can use pwd - print working directory.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    We can use command ls for list.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    We can use rm to remove a file. However, there is no warning and files will be gone completely.

    34. Why should I use version control?
    Version control helps developers to keep track of their changes. It allow us to create snapshots of our code and we can always go back if there is a bug to fix.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    When we fix an issue or bug, added a new feature.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Lambda Git flow
    1. We fork the repo first.
    2. Invite collborator to access your repo.
    3. Clone the repo to our local machine.
    4. Create your own branch and work on the project.
    5. Add the change to staging area.
    6. Commit the changes and make an message about what changes was made.
    7. Push the project to your branch.
    8. Create a pull request.
    9. Make sure to create pull request from your repo you created into the master of your own repo.
    10. Add a pull request subject and message about what changes you made and TL as reviewer.
    11. Click create pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block element takes up the entire width and always starts on a new line.

    inline element will only take the space the content occupies, such as span tag.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block elements: section, form, footer. Inline: anchor, span, small. Inline-block: img tag.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
      Box model explains that every element is like a box with content inside. Padding increase the contents background space on all 4 sides. Border the area between the margin
      and padding. Margins are area between other elements or boxes. We can use box-sizing: border-box, padding, border, are included with width and height.


   --> 
